Worklamp.com

You are an expert full stack developer and UI/UX expert who is going to spec, design, and build the Worklamp.com web application. This application will be used by application developers, and need to track tasks, software bugs, feature requests, etc. Put yourself into a product development / developer role and think about all of the tasks that need to be tracked and how to best track them in an efficient manner.

The main site will be used to promote the product and the product features. There should be a home page which highlights the features of the application and how it can help developers / development managers work better and more efficiently with their teams. There should be a pricing page, which will highlight the different levels of service available to their teams. There should also be a demo page where users can explore a sample web application project (make up a project and seed the database with data so users have something to look at and add to - also add filters in the demo system to remove any bad words, hate speech, etc. and have the database reset back to the seed data every 24 hours). Visitors need to register and agree to opt-in to email communication and then will be able access the demo site with different demo user accounts based on the different roles that are available so they can see how access features based on the user role (manager / admin, developer, auditor, public). There should also be an About page where people can learn about the application and a simple contact form at the bottom of the page. Please populate this about page based on the information in this spec. Also allow users to "Subscribe" to our newsletter in the footer of the page, which should also include social links to the worklamp X, IG, and YouTube channels.

Production application access will require users to authenticate using email or Google OAuth. There should be a single button for login/signup (have it be a login modal with an option to signup, which leads to a signup modal). When signing up, have 2 check boxes for agreeing to our Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy and to opt-in to email communications from the Worklamp team (email lists will NOT be sold or shared). Email signup requires verification - email a code or a link to the user to verify the email is valid. Google OAuth users information should be imported into the database, specifically their email address, Name, and their PFP in a min of 600px x 600px format. Users will have a profile page where they can adjust their name and PFP and change their password (if an email user). Have a .env field for an email address to be used as the default admin of the site.

The application itself should be designed in a subscription / tenant model on the worklamp.com site. Subscriptions should be based on number of allowed projects and numbers of team members. There will be a free version which will allow for the user to have 1 project and have the ability to use a basic To-Do task list (which can be assigned to categories setup by the user), private bug / issue tracking (including the ability to upload an image and link a URL and the option to link an API key for AI assistance), and a private feature tracking system (no public access but same API link for AI assisted feature request assistance). Paid subscriptions are based on the number of team members (logged in at the same time) and the number of projects (all projects, even if completed and just being stored). Paid subscriptions will add in the team communication (slack type chat), milestones, To-Do task list (assigned to categories setup by the team and linked to milestones), and have the full private / public bug and feature request system. We will refine the subscription model after MVP is built, but we can start with something basic like this. There should also be an open user note keeper system (like post-it notes), a project selection drop-down to switch between the project shown in the dashboard (paid subscriptions only), and development and production .env variables tracking (based on role / authentication access).

The main goal of the application is to setup centralized project communication (have a message board with different channels, like Slack, with permission control of who can see and post into a channel, so channels can be private / access controlled), project milestones with a timeline view (think Microsoft Project with milestone estimated completion dates), detailed milestone To-Do task list (linked to the milestones as the parent of each task and can be categorized), bug reporting and tracking (with optional public access, or controlled authenticated only access with option for voting  priority or manual assignment of priority / ordering), feature request tracking (same as with bugs, an option public view and voting system to help rank the importance of feature request, open or controlled authenticated access, ordering, etc.). There should be the ability to lock in a set of milestones as a "version" and have a change order tracking system for anything that falls outside of the scope. All milestones, tasks, issues / bugs, and feature requests should have a comments section where authenticated / authorized (unless open to public) users can talk about the item. All to-do tasks, bugs, and feature requests can be "owned" by a user and "assigned" to user(s) (allow for multiple assignments) - this isn't required and should show "not owned" or "not assigned" is not set. The user who is paying for the subscription can invite other users into their team (up to the number of licensed users they are paying for) and can assign the users their appropriate roles. If they assign a user "admin" roles, the admin can do everything they can do except modify the subscription (they can invite and assign roles, but cannot buy more seats or projects - only the owner can, as they need to authorize the charges).

One of the key features that will make this application different from others is having the ability to link the users Google or OpenAi API key and have AI assisted features in each category (or have AI features be part of a users subscription and use a worklamp API key). I haven't thought of all of the AI use cases, but a few are: bug / issue reporting: send the reported issue / bug, along with the URL (if public) and the image (if provided) to the linked AI API to have it suggest a fix and or prompt for an AI agent to fix the issue. Another AI assistant could be with feature requests: let the user type in the feature idea and have AI automatically suggest a title, description, a spec for the feature, along with a prompt for an AI agent to add the feature to the existing application. I want the user to be able to click "copy" and paste the AI suggest prompt into an AI coding agent (like Kiro) and easily run the prompt.

I want all of this to be run locally on it's own server and do not want any 3rd party services to be used outside of the optional AI APIs. The database, backend API, user authentication / tokens, etc. to all be local. I also want all images to be stored locally, but optimized as they are received so not to store large files. I do want to have the option to move media storage to a DigitalOcean bucket as needed, so add an option in the .env for MEDIA_STORAGE_LOCAL = local or remote... and have remote variables for AWS V3 storage, which also supports DO Buckets.

I want the site to have light / dark mode and be dark by default. Be an UI/UX expert and make the site very tight and clean - no wasted space - no large padding or gaps - sharp, clean, modern, easy to navigate, mobile friendly, user intuitive. I want all tasks to have minimal clicks. I want information easily accessible. I envision a dashboard with a Milestone timeline across the top (if in a paid subscription), a To-Do list sorted by category and priority order under each category or in priority order without category separation, bug tracking list by priority and an easy to access link to add a bug request quickly. The dashboard should be base for everything and use modals to view / add / edit any items into the system. If a paid subscription, there should be easy access to the "Slack like" communication system, in which any new / unread messages should show on the dashboard. Notifications, messages, and to-do, bug, and feature requests lists should update automatically (and show with a "new" indicator) on the dashboard - I do not want users to have to click to reload a page to see new data or messages.

Be the expert that you are in development, software architecture, software development, UI, and UX and take your time and research the best ways to build the best site possible using the latest technologies, keeping all data extremely secure, all services secure, and to be sure to not use any outdated / not supported SDKs or packages that may open the application up to exposure or hacking. Security should come first before anything else as you are designing the application. I want the site to be built from the foundation upward for each page / feature, starting with the page / feature API, the actual page / feature added to the site, the admin pages added for controlling the page / feature, and tests run to verify everything is working properly and documentation stored in a /DOCS folder on how to user test each page / feature. I want to verify everything is working before we move forward with the next feature / page.


- See who has been invited and invitation status
- When going to "My Vars" the current project should remain - it is resetting the entire page
- Specific Admin assignment of users who can see Env Var
- Adding Billing page to Team Settings
- Assign invited users to which Team projects they can see
- Export Tasks, Bugs, Requests for documentation
- Add "My Assigned Tasks/Bugs" - mark as new if the item has not been viewed yet.
- Option to turn off notifications per user

- We currently have an AI Agent on the Tasks, Bugs, and Requests pages and they return valuable AI reports and prompts. I want a simple table in the database that will store the result JSON, the Task/Bug/Feature ID, and I assume an ID type (Task/Bug/Feature) and have these results show up under each task so users can reference them later (have them expand like the Bug card does). I also want all cards to have the same look and feel, so each should have the expanded section with buttons to Generate... and there should be an expansion section for each previous response (showing the latest to the oldest and labeled as "AI Response from YYYY-MM-DD" and when clicked it will expand to show the results.

PS C:\Users\WesLowe\projects\Worklamp\backend> node test-encryption.js
Testing encryption utilities...

Test 1: Basic encryption/decryption
  Plaintext: my-secret-api-key
  Encrypted: eKhaEVpPrC3OIjGPBbuNlsMdz3vETqdJWWcLa4ifW10GMBJKrsSNHd69rJ5Jid+3ZF6j5rJvIt8MRzjIWO0NNg==:uox3ZMxXN/23rYZG6YstcA==:ic/UCigaLizyImTjh7C/pg==:TjJq6KrGpTw6JI5NZ7HV8Ro=
  Decrypted: my-secret-api-key
  ✓ Match: true

Test 2: Different ciphertext for same plaintext
  First encryption: 5YH7HuBlHm8Xg2sMnj51CFeXaPAa3LgobKAqVb7zBMMNh+KAtXYm/a0JMQCLbbSOOSdD6bpAnAna1oNsX8nJ3w==:Vc0X0Tw90YIUiMfri0tfBg==:AR9IUeY/x2jW1XVdj40hHQ==:DyZk4qvMuKOjTmi2wo5dibU=
  Second encryption: rtP6RS7KH8EWxmYV7WTwoZobEWbgvGm97OBAqfgyzuS7dpN4g3iKhUpsZ0FLvYCqGgRlpNXBxSnntnhVgV0efw==:423pMVoMVP+N9dNuXO1yrA==:gNuXjIYtpM69iBR99V+tvg==:FC14+hSb9eeRdOKxkzM4Lvw=
  ✓ Different: true

Test 3: Complex strings with special characters
  Plaintext: API_KEY=abc123!@#$%^&*()_+-={}[]|:";'<>?,./
  Decrypted: API_KEY=abc123!@#$%^&*()_+-={}[]|:";'<>?,./
  ✓ Match: true

Test 4: isEncrypted function
  isEncrypted(encrypted): true
  isEncrypted(plaintext): false
  ✓ Correct detection

Test 5: Multiple round trips
  Original: DATABASE_PASSWORD=super-secret-123
  After 2 round trips: DATABASE_PASSWORD=super-secret-123
  ✓ Match: true

All tests passed! ✓




Cutiepie1!!!




Next steps:
1. Update backend/.env with your specific configuration (database, OAuth, etc.)
2. Run 'docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yml up -d' to start services
3. Run 'npm install' to install dependencies
4. Run 'npm run dev' to start the application
